[Music]
I've been 100 my whole life I lost my
dad a few years ago and he was a hunter
and I think that he would be really
tickled to be able to tell the people
back home at the coffee shop but his son
is out hunting a lion mr. Franklin
International Show is the largest
hunting convention in the planet
crocodiles are really mean I thought I
want a pair of boots poachers will shoot
every last one because there's a
commercial driven desire
people are confused how hunting and
conservation go together you can just
pick whatever animal you want from the
menu that they offer you see the price
and book the kill and that money will
all go back into conservation how much
for that sucker thirty five or whatever
I have the recipe to save the Rhino from
extinction so Long's keep the runners
alive on the black market the retail
value of this one would be a quarter
million dollars
the operation is painless it will take
two years before you go through the same
procedure again all I need is for it to
be legal give me one animal that's fun
extinct our farmers were breathing it in
making money other is not one
you know I'm paying for the time people
are employed because we're hunting if
there is no value and we call hunters
animals they're going to be extinct
the commodification of wildlife what a
vision of nature that would be they'd
like to talk about conservation they're
just greenwashing Safeway killing the
change is coming we're going to put it
in strips
should he be want our world to survive
we have to keep the [ __ ]
this is my trophy and there's not any
bureaucrat that can take it away from me